Dolog rettelser (#44)
SpecialeBajs/Rapport: article/adj-difference-matrix.tex

\section{Generated adjacency matrix}
In the following subsection the generated adjacency matrices of LightGCN and price aware recommendation are described.
Both use the adjacency matrix as a representation for a heterogeneous graph, where the value 1 represent a connection between two nodes.
A more detailed description of the implementation can be seen in Appendix \ref{app:adj-impl}.

\subsection{LightGCN}
The adjacency matrix of LightGCN is as follows:
\begin{gather}
    A =
    \begin{bmatrix}
        0   & R \\
        R^T & 0
    \end{bmatrix},
\end{gather}

> where $R \in \mathbb{R}^{M \times N}$, and $M$ and $N$ denotes the number of users and the number of items summed together.

Author: ```suggestion
where $R \in \mathbb{R}^{U \times I}$, and $U$ and $I$ denotes the number of users and the number of items summed together.
```

Each entry in $R_{ui}$ is inserted with 1, if there is a connection between user $u$ and item $i$.

\subsection{Price-aware recommendation}
The adjacency matrix of Price-aware recommendation is as follows:
\begin{gather}
    A =
    \begin{bmatrix}
        0   & R \\
        R^T & 0
    \end{bmatrix},
\end{gather}

> where $R \in \mathbb{R}^{M \times N}$, and $M$ and $N$ denotes the number of users, number of items, number of categories, and number of prices summed together.

Author: ```suggestion
where $R \in \mathbb{R}^{I \times U+C+P}$, and $I$, $U$, $C$, and $P$ denotes the number of users, number of items, number of categories, and number of prices.
```
